Add ASGI & WSGI instrument methods (#324)
pydantic/logfire: docs/integrations/asgi.md

# ASGI

> If the [ASGI][asgi] framework doesn't have a dedicated OpenTelemetry package, you can use the

Author: Please suggest something.

> If the [ASGI][asgi] framework doesn't have a dedicated OpenTelemetry package, you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [ASGI][asgi] web framework you're using doesn't have a dedicated integration, you can use the
```

> If the [ASGI][asgi] framework doesn't have a dedicated OpenTelemetry package, you can use the

Reviewer: did you mean to commit this?

> If the [ASGI][asgi] framework doesn't have a dedicated OpenTelemetry package, you can use the

Author: I think I applied and then I force pushed other changes 🤔

    )
    await send({"type": "http.response.body", "body": b"Hello, world!"})

app = logfire.instrument_asgi(app)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    uvicorn.run(app)
```

The keyword arguments of [`logfire.instrument_asgi()`][logfire.Logfire.instrument_asgi] are passed to the
[`OpenTelemetryMiddleware`][opentelemetry.instrumentation.asgi.OpenTelemetryMiddleware] class
of the OpenTelemetry ASGI Instrumentation package.

## Excluding URLs from instrumentation

> <!-- note that this section is duplicated for different frameworks but with slightly different links -->

Reviewer: The note here should refer to instrument_asgi, not OpenTelemetryMiddleware.

In fact we should probably just implement the env var ourselves.
